Psalm 83 a Tsar a psalm of Asaph do not
Psalm 83 a Tsar a psalm of Asaph do not keep silent Oh God
keep silent Oh God
keep silent Oh God do not hold your peace and do not be
do not hold your peace and do not be
do not hold your peace and do not be still Oh God
still Oh God
still Oh God for behold your enemies make a tumult
for behold your enemies make a tumult
for behold your enemies make a tumult and those who hate you have lifted up
and those who hate you have lifted up
and those who hate you have lifted up their head they have taken crafty
their head they have taken crafty
their head they have taken crafty counsel against your people and
counsel against your people and
counsel against your people and consulted together against your
consulted together against your
consulted together against your sheltered ones they have said come and
sheltered ones they have said come and
sheltered ones they have said come and let us cut them off from being a nation
let us cut them off from being a nation
let us cut them off from being a nation that the name of Israel may be
that the name of Israel may be
that the name of Israel may be remembered no more where they have
remembered no more where they have
remembered no more where they have consulted together with one consent they
consulted together with one consent they
consulted together with one consent they form a confederacy against you the tents
form a confederacy against you the tents
form a confederacy against you the tents of Edom and the Ishmaelites Moab and the
of Edom and the Ishmaelites Moab and the
of Edom and the Ishmaelites Moab and the hag rights gable Amman and amalek
hag rights gable Amman and amalek
hag rights gable Amman and amalek Philistia with the inhabitants of Tyre
Philistia with the inhabitants of Tyre
Philistia with the inhabitants of Tyre Assyria also has joined with him they
Assyria also has joined with him they
Assyria also has joined with him they have helped the children of lot deal
have helped the children of lot deal
have helped the children of lot deal with them as with Midian as with Sisera
with them as with Midian as with Sisera
with them as with Midian as with Sisera as with Jabin at the brook fashion who
as with Jabin at the brook fashion who
as with Jabin at the brook fashion who perished at Endor but became as refuse
perished at Endor but became as refuse
perished at Endor but became as refuse on the earth make their nobles like Arab
on the earth make their nobles like Arab
on the earth make their nobles like Arab and like Zia it's all their princess
and like Zia it's all their princess
and like Zia it's all their princess like zebah and zalmunna who said let us
like zebah and zalmunna who said let us
like zebah and zalmunna who said let us take for ourselves the pastures of God
take for ourselves the pastures of God
take for ourselves the pastures of God for a possession
for a possession
for a possession oh my god make them like the whirling
oh my god make them like the whirling
oh my god make them like the whirling dust like the chaff before the wind
as the fire burns the woods and as the
as the fire burns the woods and as the flame sets the mountains on fire
flame sets the mountains on fire
flame sets the mountains on fire so pursue them with your tempest and
so pursue them with your tempest and
so pursue them with your tempest and frighten them with your storm fill their
frighten them with your storm fill their
frighten them with your storm fill their faces with shame that they may seek your
faces with shame that they may seek your
faces with shame that they may seek your name Oh Lord
name Oh Lord
name Oh Lord let them be confounded and dismayed
let them be confounded and dismayed
let them be confounded and dismayed forever yes
forever yes
forever yes let them be put to shame and perish that
let them be put to shame and perish that
let them be put to shame and perish that they may know that you whose name alone
they may know that you whose name alone
they may know that you whose name alone is the Lord are the most high over all
is the Lord are the most high over all
is the Lord are the most high over all the earth